CS2101 UG improvements (#376)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

---
layout: page

> title: The Ultimate User Guide to the Tuition Address Book (TAB)

Reviewer: Sir this is a bit too long particularly the navbar

---
<span id="toc"/>
* Table of Contents
{:toc}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Introduction: TAB Is More Than an App

There used to be a time for private 1-to-1 home tutors when administrative work meant opening up multiple apps and switching between them. 
It meant losing track of things because of a messy, decentralised workflow.
However, this guide to using TAB will show you how to make the most of this all-in-one app, so you can say goodbye to all your other apps. 

TAB enables you to keep track of your student and lesson information, schedule, and tuition fees – everything a private 1-to-1 home tutor needs – without needing to lift your hands off the keyboard. 

> TAB is a Command-line Interface (CLI) app, meaning that you tell TAB what to do using commands in the form of lines of texts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TAB is a Command-line Interface (CLI) app, meaning that you tell TAB what to do using commands in the form of lines of text.
```

If you can type fast, the CLI will enable you to accomplish your tasks much faster. 
For a new user, the commands will take some getting used to, compared to using forms and drop-down menus, but worry not as TAB has in-app help and suggestions to guide you along, 
and this guide will get you started and speeding through your administrative tasks in no time.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## How to Read This Guide

This user guide is intended for any user and contains everything you need to know to make the best use out of TAB.
If this is your first-time using TAB, we recommend reading this User Guide in order.

If there are any terms used in this user guide which you are unfamiliar with, their definitions may be found in the [Glossary](#glossary).

**Navigation**

You can click on the [Table of Contents](#toc) to get to the information relevant to you. 
To help you with this, there is a [back to table of contents](#toc) link at the end of every major section.

> There will also be links in relevant places to help you navigate the document

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There will also be links in relevant places to help you navigate the document.
```

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary"> :bulb: </div> | A tip that can help you to interact with TAB more effectively and efficiently. 
<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-warning"> :exclamation: </div> | A cautionary note of things that you should be careful about.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Getting Started

1. Ensure you have **Java 11** or above installed on your computer. If you need help with installation, you can visit this [website](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/install/overview-jdk-installation.html#GUID-8677A77F-231A-40F7-98B9-1FD0B48C346A) for more details.

2. Download the latest **TAB.jar** [here](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp/releases).

3. Create a new folder in your computer and move **TAB.jar** inside. This will be the home folder for the application.

4. Double-click **TAB.jar** to start the app. A window similar to the one below should appear in a few seconds. 
   TAB starts up with some sample data to let you explore and see how the app will look like when it’s in use.

>    ![start](images/start.png) <br> _How TAB looks when you start it for the first time._

Reviewer 2: can you use `<div class="caption">...</div>`

5. Simply type a command in the command box and press <kbd>ENTER</kbd> to execute it. 
   You can try opening the help window by typing `help` and pressing <kbd>ENTER</kbd>.<br>
   
   Some other commands you can try:

   * **`view 1`** : Views the lessons of the first person in the list.

   * **`add`**`n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01` : Adds a student named `John Doe` to TAB.

   * **`delete`**`3` : Deletes the 3rd student shown in the current list.

   * **`ladd 1 `** : Adds a lesson.

   * 
   

> 6. If you wish to clear the sample data and start using the app, simply type `clear` and press enter.

Reviewer 2: wrap enter in <kbd>
```suggestion
6. If you wish to clear the sample data and start using the app, simply type `clear` and press enter.
```

   * **`list`** : Lists all students.
   * **`view 1`** : Views the lessons of the first person in the list.

   * **`add`**`n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01` : Adds a student named `John Doe` to TAB.

   * **`delete`**`3` : Deletes the 3rd student shown in the current list.

   * **`clear`** : Deletes all students.

   * **`exit`** : Exits the app.
   * **`ladd 1 `** : Adds a lesson.

6. Refer to the [Features](#features) section for details of each command.
   * 
   
6. If you wish to clear the sample data and start using the app, simply type `clear` and press enter.
   However, if you’re a new user, we recommend that you read on and try out our features with the sample data to get yourself familiarised.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Overview of the Graphical User Interface (GUI)

> This section briefly explains the various section of TAB's GUI.

Reviewer: I assuming this can be add back?

> The more you use TAB, the more useful it becomes. 

Reviewer: This line probably don't need right

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb: **Tip:**
The Command Box intelligently recognises when you're typing a command even if your cursor is somewhere else in the main window.
This means that after clicking any button in the main window, you do not have to click in the Command Box again to continue. Just type away!
</div>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>

## Features
This section describes the available features in TAB. 

> The features are categorised as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The features are categorised as follow:
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Overview of the Command Format

> This section explains the command format used for TAB's commands.<br/>

Reviewer: I feel like we can leave this here? General overview of the section is clearer isn't it？

#### Command format notation

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user.<br>

>   e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter that can be substituted as `add n/John Doe`.

Reviewer 3: emm "`NAME` is a parameter that can be substituted..." sounds like substituting just the NAME but the eg included the prefix as well
```suggestion
  e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter that can be substituted with `John Doe`.
```

* If a parameter is expected only once in the command, but you specified it multiple times, only the last occurrence of the parameter will be taken.<br>
  e.g. if you specify `p/12341234 p/56785678`, only `p/56785678` will be taken.
  
* Extraneous parameters for commands that do not take in parameters (such as `help`, `list`, `calendar`, `exit`, `clear`, etc.) are not valid.<br>
  e.g. `help 123` is not a valid command.

* Chaining commands is not supported.<br>
  e.g. A chain of commands such as `next next back next` or `list calendar day` are **not** valid commands.

* There are constraints in place to help TAB understand your inputs for commands and parameters. 

>   TAB will help you with these constraints through a message in the UI if you give an invalid input.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  TAB will help you with these constraints by displaying relevant messages to you if you give an invalid input.
```

* If a parameter is expected only once in the command, but you specified it multiple times, only the last occurrence of the parameter will be taken.<br>
  e.g. if you specify `p/12341234 p/56785678`, only `p/56785678` will be taken.
  

> * Extraneous parameters for commands that do not take in parameters (such as `help`, `list`, `calendar`, `exit`, `clear`, etc.) are not valid.<br>

Reviewer 2: why the extra comma?

Author: grammerly say one

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Getting Help 

> Help is just a moment away when you use TAB.

Reviewer 4: Strange

Examples:

> * `add n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01 pp/92345678 pe/jackdoe@example.com sch/John's School stream/John stream lvl/J1`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `add n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@gmail.com a/Sengkang Ave 2, Block 123, #02-01 pp/92345678 pe/jackdoe@gmail.com sch/Seng Kang Secondary School stream/O-Level stream lvl/S1` Adds a `S1` student named `John Doe` who is studying `O-Level` at `Seng Kang Secondary School` and lives at `Sengkang Ave 2, Block 123, #02-01`, with phone number `98765432`, email `johnd@gmail.com`, parent contact number `92345678` and parent email `jackdoe@gmail.com`.
```
CS2103 website say example need to be sound like rl example. Not sure if the additional explanation is too lengthy.. But other examples have additional desc

> * `add n/Betsy Crowe t/new a/Newgate p/91234567 r/Remember to get school and academic level! t/missinginfo`

Reviewer 3: need add desc for this eg?

Examples:
* `add n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01 pp/92345678 pe/jackdoe@example.com sch/John's School stream/John stream lvl/J1`
* `add n/Betsy Crowe t/new a/Newgate p/91234567 r/Remember to get school and academic level! t/missinginfo`

#### Editing a student: `edit`

Edits an existing student in TAB.<br>

Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [a/ADDRESS] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [pp/PARENT_PHONE_NUMBER] [pe/PARENT_EMAIL] [sch/SCHOOL] [stream/ACAD_STREAM] [lvl/ACAD_LEVEL] [r/REMARK] [t/TAG]…​`<br>

> Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [a/ADDRESS] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [pp/PARENT_PHONE_NUMBER] [pe/PARENT_EMAIL] [sch/SCHOOL] [stream/ACAD_STREAM] [lvl/ACAD_LEVEL] [r/REMARK] [t/TAG]…​`

Reviewer 2: why got two format

* When editing tags, all existing tags of the student will be removed and replaced with the tags specified.<br>
  e.g. `edit 2 t/SEC2 t/IP` will erase the student's original tags and replace it with the new tags `SEC2` and `IP`.

Example:

> Suppose we want to update Betsy Crowe with her school and academic level, and remove her remarks and tags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Suppose you want to update Betsy Crowe with her school and academic level, and remove her remarks and tags.
```

#### Editing a lesson: `ledit`

> Need to update lesson information? This command allows you to do just that.

Reviewer 4: Do the same for the rest of the commands as well. Otherwise, not very consistent in tone. If not, I think its fine to leave it as the original one
